ABOUT PAGE

“Painting is but another 
word for feeling” 
– John Constable




I am an Indian American artist based in Miami, FL. With the beginning of each new piece, I strive to keep her paintings open to all possibilities. 
Layer upon layer, I craft stories without words. Chance and risk are a big part of my process as I work with oil luxurious paints. “I invite all creative ideas.” I find great joy in evoking emotion, pleasure, and connection through my art.


When I start a new piece, the first thing I do is sage my studio, paints, and myself. Then, I write a positive message on the substrate. Even though it will be covered by mixed media, the message will always be in the space. 
Most of my work is intuitive painting. My intuition guides me through the process as I allow myself to feel free and get lost in the moment. 
The accidents and the unpredictability of how the mediums will interact, are often the most beautiful. I often spend months, before completion. When I create, I get out of my head and into my heart.” 



For more information or support please contact us directly at info@paintastic.com
“This site is for educational purposes only”



CONTACT PAGE

Questions? I look forward to your response! 
Send an email to info@paintastic.com or complete the form below. 
Interested in a one-of-a-kind piece? I’m looking forward to collaborating with you in your dream piece. Write me an email with your ideas, and I’ll send you a brief list of questions about size, materials, color, and even a photo if you have but not necessary. The word/words/message I put on the substrate before painting is a special component of each piece I produce, so start thinking about the energy you want to bring into your area and the word or message that will embrace it.




HOME PAGE

“Let us create your authentic landscape oil paintings
and we deliver it directly to your door.” 



For more information or support please contact us directly at info@paintastic.com
“This site is for educational purposes only”